nb orvis hat care clean dry store
Orvis.  Hats for your active lifestyle: Caring for your Orvis hat.
http://www.orvis.com/intro.aspx?subject=4344

Keep your hat looking like new by resisting the urge to pick it up by
the crown.  To pull your hat on and take it off, gently grasp it by
the brim—one hand in front, and one hand in the back.  Handling your
hat so that it flexes along on the brim or the crown will, in time,
weaken that part of the hat.

Store your hat on a hat stand, or if you don’t have one, store your
hat brim side up in a cool, dry place.  If you’re storing your hat for
long periods, stuff the crown gently with clean tissue paper to help
your hat keep its shape.  Keep your hat in a hatbox for protection
during long-term storage.

Flip the sweatband (if your hat has one) so that it’s inside-out when
you take your hat off on a hot day.  Letting the sweat evaporate into
the air is better than allowing the sweat to soak into the body of the hat.

If your hat becomes very wet (say, after enduring a soaking rain),
flip the sweatband down and stand the hat on the sweatband right-side
up on a flat surface, such as a countertop.  Make sure the brim does
not touch the surface—the hat should stand on the inverted sweatband.
Pressure on a wet hat will alter its shape as it dries.  Let felt hats
dry slowly and naturally.  If your hat is made of straw, wipe excess
water with a clean, dry cloth and allow to dry as noted above.

Spot clean felt hats by gently brushing with a brim brush.

Use a clean, damp sponge to gently spot-clean a dirty straw hat.
Test-clean an inconspicuous section first.  Additionally, straw hats
can be kept looking new by regularly brushing with a brim brush.
