nb open stack gui cli interface cloud virtual machine iaas nova swift glance keystone horizon
Gentle, A. 20111108.  Project of the month: OpenStack, a universal
cloud front end.  Dr Dobb’s: Web development.

OpenStack provides an easy-to-use GUI front end and a command line
front end for all major cloud platforms and all major VM formats.
OpenStack is an open-source project that provides software to build
and manage public and private clouds.  Its community includes more
than 130 companies and 1,350 developers, who use OpenStack as a
universal front end to Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) resources.
The overarching mission of OpenStack is to make clouds simple to
implement and massively scalable.  This article provides hands-on
information to guide you through setting up and managing your cloud,
whether public or private, using the Open Stack front end.

The best place to get started with OpenStack Compute is the DevStack
site at devstack.org with a scripted installation for a development or
proof-of-concept installation.  The OpenStack Starter Guide on
docs.openstack.org also offers step-by-step instructions for setting
up OpenStack Compute, an Image Service, and an all-in-one Object
Storage installation on Ubuntu 11.10.  If you have a server lying
around that you want to use for a proof of concept, OpenStack also
works with the StackOps bare metal distribution available here¹ for a
CD or USB stick installation.
 ¹ http://sourceforge.net/projects/stackops/files/


nb electric cloud commander accelerator stack overflow search
http://stackoverflow.com/search?q=%22electric+cloud%22
http://stackoverflow.com/search?q=%22electric+commander%22
http://stackoverflow.com/search?q=%22electric+accelerator%22
